[blog] Update fields behavior on date pickers blog post (#36480)
mui/material-ui: docs/pages/blog/v6-beta-pickers.md

  <source src="/static/blog/v6-beta-pickers/date-field-navigation.mp4" type="video/mp4" />
</video>

Moreover, notice in the following example that as we edit the day, the component automatically navigates only in valid values.

<video style="margin-bottom: 5px; width: 608px;" autoplay muted loop playsinline >
  <source src="/static/blog/v6-beta-pickers/smart-field-stable.mp4" type="video/mp4" />
</video>

:::info
**Behavior change alert**

> During pre-releases, using up and down arrows to update a date section would essentially update the entire field like you were navigating the calendar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During pre-releases, using <kbd>Arrow Up</kbd> and <kbd>Arrow Down</kbd> to update a date section would essentially update the entire field like you were navigating the calendar.
```

In the previous example, updating the day value from 28 to 1 would also update the month to March.

> On the stable version, released after the original post, each date section became independent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the stable version, released after the original post, this behavior [has been changed](https://github.com/mui/mui-x/issues/7934), and each date section became independent.
```

  <source src="/static/blog/v6-beta-pickers/date-field-navigation.mp4" type="video/mp4" />
</video>

For a quick comparison, let's check out how the old and new approaches behave in typical scenarios.

<video style="margin-bottom:24px" autoplay muted loop playsinline >
  <source src="/static/blog/v6-beta-pickers/quick-comparison-fields.mp4" type="video/mp4" />
</video>

Moreover, notice in the following example that as we edit the day, the component automatically navigates only in valid values.

<video style="margin-bottom: 5px; width: 608px;" autoplay muted loop playsinline >
  <source src="/static/blog/v6-beta-pickers/smart-field-stable.mp4" type="video/mp4" />
</video>

:::info
**Behavior change alert**

During pre-releases, using <kbd>Arrow Up</kbd> and <kbd>Arrow Down</kbd> to update a date section would essentially update the entire field like you were navigating the calendar.
In the previous example, updating the day value from 28 to 1 would also update the month to March.

> On the stable version, released after the original post, this behavior [has been changed](https://github.com/mui/mui-x/issues/7934), and each date section became independent.

Reviewer 2: Should we explain briefly why ? So that people don't see it as a regression ?

Author: Updated
